User Terms of Service
By using the Wolt Service, you agree to be bound by these User Terms of Service (“Terms of Service”).
Please read the following Terms of Service carefully before using the Wolt Service. If you do not agree with the Terms of Service, you cannot use the Wolt Service. These Terms of Service apply to any use of the Wolt Service and to the Purchase Agreements made hereunder. A more detailed description of the Wolt Service and information on system requirements is available at wolt.com. 
If you have a Wolt at Work Account, these Terms of Service also apply to our customer organization which has granted you the Wolt at Work Feature (“Customer Organization”) with respect to Orders made by you through the Wolt at Work Feature. If there is any discrepancy between these Terms of Service and the Wolt Corporate Terms & Conditions applicable to the Customer Organization, the Wolt Corporate Terms & Conditions shall, however, prevail.
The Terms of Service are concluded between us and the User only, and not with Apple Inc., and Apple Inc. is not responsible for the Wolt App or the content thereof. You agree that Apple Inc., and Apple Inc.’s subsidiaries (“Apple”), are third party beneficiaries of the Terms of Service, and that, upon your acceptance of the Terms of Service, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce the Terms of Service against you as a third party beneficiary thereof.
1. Definitions
“Partner” means a restaurant, retail shop or other service partner who has signed a partner agreement with Wolt, or their substitute, and who, as a trader, offers its products and possible delivery or other services for sale through the Wolt Service.
“Purchase Agreement” means an agreement for the purchase of Partner’s products and possible delivery or other services made on an Order. With respect to Orders placed through the Wolt at Work Feature, the Purchase Agreement forms a binding agreement between the Partner and the Customer Organization. With respect to Orders placed through any other payment method of the User, the Purchase Agreement forms a binding agreement between Partner and the User. 
“Wolt” means:
Wolt Enterprises Oy, Arkadiankatu 6, 00100 Helsinki, Finland, if the User is located in Finland,
Wolt Česko s.r.o., Na poříčí 1047/26, Nové Město, 110 00 Prague 1, Czech Republic, if the User is located in the Czech Republic,
Wolt Polska sp. z o.o., ul. Koszykowa 54, piętro 00-675 Warsaw, Poland, if the User is located in Poland,
Wolt Enterprises Israel Ltd., Allenby St. 113, 6581706 Tel Aviv, Israel, if the User is located in Israel,
Wolt Technologies Greece Provision of Food Services S.A., Leoforos Vouliagmenis 26, 11743 Athens, Greece, if the User is located in Greece,
Wolt d.o.o. Beograd-Stari Grad, Bulevar vojvode Bojovića 8, 11000 Belgrade, Serbia, if the User is located in Serbia,
Wolt Azerbaijan LLC, Yasamal district, Hyatt Tower 2, 4th floor, 8 Izmir Street, AZ1065 Baku, Azerbaijan, if the User is located in Azerbaijan,
Wolt Technologies Kazakhstan LLP, Park View, Kunaev St 77, 050000, Almaty, Kazakhstan, if the User is located in Kazakhstan,
Wolt Slovensko s. r. o., Palisády 36, 811 06 Bratislava – Staré Mesto, Slovak Republic, registered in the Commercial register of the District Court Bratislava I, Section: Sro, Insert No.: 137637/B, if the User is located in Slovakia,
Wolt Malta Limited, 171, Old Bakery Street, Valletta, VLT 1455, Malta, if the User is located in Malta,
Wolt Norway AS, Øvre Slottsgate 4, 0157 Oslo, Norway, if the User is located in Norway,
Wolt Latvija SIA, Elizabete iela 45/47, Riga, Latvia, if the User is located in Latvia,
UAB Wolt LT, Jasinskio g. 14a-57, LT-01135, Vilnius, Lithuania, if the User is located in Lithuania,
Wolt Japan K.K., Portal Point Shibuya 7F, 11-3, Jinnan 1-chome, Shibuya-ku, Tokyo, if the User is located in Japan,
Wolt Georgia LLC, 49d Chavchavadze Ave 179, Tbilisi, Georgia, if the User is located in Georgia,
Wolt Eesti OÜ, Aia 10 a, 10111, Tallinn, Estonia, if User is located in Estonia,
Wolt Zagreb d.o.o., Metalčeva ul. 5, 1st floor, 10000 Zagreb, Croatia, if the User is located in Croatia,
Wolt Danmark ApS, Borgergade 10, 2 sal., 1300 Copenhagen K, Denmark, if User is located in Denmark.
Wolt Sverige AB, Celsiusgatan 10, 11230, Stockholm, Sweden, if the user is located in Sweden.
Wolt Cyprus Limited, Stasikratous 35 3rd floor, office 302, 1065, Nicosia, Cyprus if the User is located in Cyprus.
Wolt Magyarország Kft, Salétrom utca 4. földszint, 1085, Budapest, Hungary, if the User is located in Hungary.
Wolt, tehnologije d.o.o. Ljubljana, Parmova ulica 53, 1000, Ljubljana, Slovenia, if the User is located in Slovenia.
“Wolt App” means a digital application called Wolt provided by Wolt for natural and legal persons to order products from Wolt’s Partners.
“Wolt at Work Account” means a user account in the Wolt App onto which the Wolt at Work Feature has been added.
“Wolt at Work Feature” means the payment method and feature of the Wolt App through which the Customer Organization’s authorized Users can make Orders at the Customer Organization’s cost.
“Wolt Service” means both Wolt App and Wolt website wolt.com and other additional locations as mentioned at wolt.com.
“User” or “you” means a natural person using the Wolt Service. The User must be of the age of 18 or older.
2. Identity of Wolt
Wolt Enterprises Oy, Arkadiankatu 6, 00100 Helsinki, Finland, business ID 2646674-9, VAT ID FI26466749, if the User is located in Finland, 
Wolt Česko s.r.o., Na poříčí 1047/26, Nové Město, 110 00 Prague 1, Czech Republic, business ID (IČO): 07030550, VAT ID (DIČ): CZ07030550, if the User is located in the Czech Republic,
Wolt Polska sp. z o.o., ul. Koszykowa 54, piętro 00-675 Warsaw, Poland, entered into the register of entrepreneurs of the National Court Register, kept by District Court for the capital city of Warsaw in Warsaw, XII Business Department of the National Court Register under KRS No. 0000745637, tax identification number NIP 7010846311, if the User is located in Poland,
Wolt Enterprises Israel Ltd., Allenby St. 113, 6581706 Tel Aviv, Israel, company no. 51-588715-6, VAT ID 515887156, if the User is located in Israel,
Wolt Technologies Greece Provision of Food Services S.A., Leoforos Vouliagmenis 26, 11743 Athens, Greece, business ID 147811001000, VAT ID EL801047822, if the User is located in Greece,
Wolt d.o.o. Beograd-Stari Grad, Nušićeva 14, 11000 Belgrade, Serbia, business ID 21408930, VAT ID 110976122, if the User is located in Serbia,
Wolt Azerbaijan LLC, Yasamal district, Hyatt Tower 2, 4th floor, 8 Izmir Street, AZ1065 Baku, Azerbaijan, tax payer identification number 1404631321, VAT ID 1404631321, if the User is located in Azerbaijan*,
Wolt Technologies Kazakhstan LLP, Park View, Kunaev St 77, 050000, Almaty, Kazakhstan, business ID 190540026305, if the User is located in Kazakhstan*,
Wolt Slovensko s. r. o., Palisády 36, 811 06 Bratislava – Staré Mesto, Slovak Republic, business ID 52 396 771, registered in the Commercial register of the District Court Bratislava I, Section: Sro, Insert No.: 137637/B, VAT ID (IČ DPH): SK 2121036093, Tax ID (DIČ): 2121036093, if the User is located in Slovakia,
Wolt Malta Limited, 171, Old Bakery Street, Valletta, VLT 1455, Malta, business ID C94616, if the User is located in Malta,
Wolt Norway AS, Øvre Slottsgate 4, 0157 Oslo, Norway, business ID: 920464254, VAT ID: 920 464 254 MVA, if the User is located in Norway,
Wolt Latvija SIA, Elizabete iela 45/47, Riga, Latvia, business ID: 40203027461, VAT ID: LV40203027461, if the User is located in Latvia,
UAB Wolt LT, Jasinskio g. 14a-57, 01135 Vilnus, Lithuania, business ID: 304573947, VAT ID: LT100011227411, if the User is located in Lithuania,
Wolt Japan K.K., Portal Point Shibuya 7F, 11-3, Jinnan 1-chome, Shibuya-ku, Tokyo, Japan, business ID: 40100-01-204751, VAT ID: 4010001204751, if the User is located in Japan,
Wolt Georgia LLC, 49d Chavchavadze Ave, 179 Tbilisi, Georgia, business ID 405260042 and VAT ID: 405260042, if the User is located in Georgia,
Wolt Eesti OÜ, Aia 10 a, 10111 Tallinn, Estonia, business ID: 8273006000, VAT ID: 94112614, if User is located in Estonia,
Wolt Zagreb d.o.o., Metalčeva ul. 5, 1st floor, 10000 Zagreb, Croatia, OIB: 25531986377, VAT ID: HR25531986377, if the User is located in Croatia,
Wolt Danmark ApS, Borgergade 10, 2 sal., 1300 Copenhagen K, Denmark, business ID: 37540447, VAT ID: DK37540447, if the User is located in Denmark,
Wolt Sverige AB, Celsiusgatan 10, 11230, Stockholm, Sweden, business ID: 559049-2335, VAT ID: SE559049233501, if the user is located in Sweden,
Wolt Cyprus Limited, Stasikratous 35 3rd floor, office 302, 1065, Nicosia, Cyprus, business ID: HE 404490, VAT ID: CY10404490R, if the User is located in Cyprus,
Wolt Magyarország Kft, Salétrom utca 4. földszint, 1085, Budapest, Hungary, business ID: 01-09-322693, VAT ID: HU26296702, if the User is located in Hungary,
Wolt, tehnologije d.o.o. Ljubljana, Parmova ulica 53, 1000, Ljubljana, Slovenia, business ID: 8273006000, VAT ID: 94112614, if the User is located in Slovenia.
Trade name: “Wolt",
Email address: support@wolt.com.
*Please note that while the Wolt Service is legally provided to you by your local Wolt entity in these countries, the payment service is arranged by Wolt Enterprises Oy through a third party payment service provider. This also means that Wolt Enterprises Oy is responsible for possible refunds, complaints and other claims related to your transactions in the Wolt Service. You may thus contact Wolt Enterprises Oy directly at the contact details provided above in case of any dispute or claim related to the Wolt Service.
Information about the identity and products and services of the Partners are provided in the Wolt Service.
3. Description of the Wolt Service
3.1. Wolt provides a platform on which the User can purchase food and other products or services from the Partner of their choice as well as possible delivery services either from the Partner or Wolt, as applicable. In certain countries Partners charge Users a delivery fee and service fee for the delivery services as defined in more detail in the Wolt Service where relevant.
3.2. The Partner provides the information about their products and possible services in the Wolt Service, including but not limited to information on product characteristics, allergens and instructions of use. If you have allergies or other dietary restrictions or for other reason wish to receive more detailed information about the products, please contact the relevant Partner. You can also contact Wolt's customer support who can contact the Partner on your behalf for such enquiries. The Partner is however responsible for providing accurate, up-to-date and legally required information about the products, including providing information on applicable prices and indicating the price per unit where required under applicable laws. Please note that the sale and purchase of the Partner’s products and possible services may be subject to additional terms and conditions of the Partner or Wolt on a case-by-case basis as set out in the Wolt Service. 
3.3. When selecting the Partner’s products and services that the User wishes to purchase from the Partner, the User makes a binding order to purchase the products and services from the Partner on the terms and conditions presented to the User herein and in the Wolt Service before placing the order (“the Order”). After having received the Order, Wolt will transmit the details of the Order to the Partner. When the Order is accepted by the Partner and Wolt has provided the User with an order confirmation on behalf of the Partner, the User or the Customer Organization and the Partner enter into the Purchase Agreement for the purchase of the Partner's products and, if applicable, delivery or other services. In some cases, the Purchase Agreement for the purchase of the delivery service is entered into with Wolt instead of the Partner, as reflected on the receipt. Wolt will provide the User with a receipt on behalf of the Partner, unless regulation in the country where the User is located requires that the Partner provides the receipt directly to the User, for the products and, to the extent applicable, for the delivery services. 
3.4. The Partner selected by the User will prepare and/or collect and pack the products set out on the Order. Wolt is not responsible or liable towards the User for the proper execution of the Purchase Agreement by the Partner. Wolt is liable for the execution of the delivery services ordered by User from the Partner or Wolt on the Order as set out in these Terms of Service.
3.5. When you use the Wolt Service, there may be a minimun value for purchase required, in which case you will be notified thereof before you make the Order on the Wolt Service. Where an Order fails to meet the minimun required value, you will have the possibility to pay the difference to meet the minimum value or to add more products to your Order. The Partner determines in its sole discretion the selection and pricing of their products available on the Wolt Service. The Partner may also impose certain restrictions on your Order, such as quantity limits and size limitations of the Order. The Partner is responsible for informing you of any limitation relating to the availability of any products. User accepts that in case a certain product is temporarily unavailable, the Partner will fulfill the remaining part of your Order without including the unavailable product in the Order. You will not be charged for products that are unavailable at the time of placing the Order.
3.6. For Users located in Israel: 
“Purchase Agreement” means either one of the following binding agreements, as applicable (i) for the purchase of Partner’s products and possible delivery services made by an Order placed by a User, no matter any payment method of the User, or (ii) with respect to a Customer Organization, with respect to Orders placed through the Wolt at Work Feature. Wolt is a marketplace that facilitates transactions and delivery services by providing a platform on which the User can purchase food products and/or other products and delivery services in relation to food products and/or other products of certain Partners. When you purchase food products and/or other products from a Partner, Wolt facilitates the fulfillment of the purchase on the Wolt Service.
Please note and take into consideration that any and all information displayed through the Wolt Service is displayed AS – IS by Wolt as received by it from the Partner and is under the complete and sole responsibility of the Partner. So, If you have allergies or any other dietary restrictions or if you have any question or concern with regard to any matter related to products sold and offered by the Partner, please contact the relevant Partner  which will provide you with the specific information upon request. 
When the User wishes to purchase through the use of the Wolt Service and the Order is accepted by the Partner and Wolt has provided the User with an order confirmation on behalf of the Partner, the User or the Customer Organization, as the case may be, shall be considered for all purposes to have entered into the Purchase Agreement. Wolt will provide the User with a receipt that will include payment for the products ordered from the Partner and payment for the delivery services.
Wolt shall only be responsible for the transfer of the fees made by the User to the respective Partner and shall not, under any circumstances, be liable or responsible towards the User for the proper execution of the Order by the Partner. Both the User and the Partner each acknowledge and confirm that the Partner is solely liable for any defects in the contents and preparation of the Order or other shortcomings in the performance of the Order.
4. Right of revocation
4.1. You cannot withdraw from or cancel an Order for products or services once you have placed it, unless explicitly provided otherwise in these Terms of Service. Prior to placing an Order for a product or service you should carefully review your selection. For Users located in Azerbaijan: placing the Order also includes the User's consent to launch the performance of the relevant agreement(s) stipulated herein.
4.2. If you are a consumer, you are entitled to a right of revocation in accordance with the statutory provisions of the country where you are located. Consumer in the sense of these Terms of Service means any natural person who uses the Wolt Service and places Orders for a purpose which predominantly cannot be attributed to their commercial or their self-employed professional activity.
4.3. Wolt follows the limitations of consumers' statutory cancellation rights as set out in applicable laws, according to which the right of revocation shall not exist for Purchase Agreements concerning certain items, including, but not limited to, the following:
products such as foodstuffs which are perishable or which may quickly pass their expiration date,
products made to your specifications or clearly personalized,
sealed products which are not suitable for return due to health protection or hygiene reasons, if such products were unsealed after the delivery,
products which, according to their nature, are inseparably mixed, after delivery, with other items,
sealed games, movies or computer software which were unsealed after delivery.
4.4. You have the right to revoke the Purchase Agreement of products, for which the right of revocation exists, within 14 days from the day of delivery of the products on the Order without giving a reason for the cancellation. In order to exercise your right of revocation, you must inform Wolt of your decision to cancel by means of a clear statement (e.g., an email or a message sent through Wolt’s in-app customer service chat) within the said time period of 14 days. The Partner as the trader of the products on your Order has authorized Wolt to receive the revocation notification on the Partner’s behalf. In case the Partner has chosen to offer a longer cancellation period than 14 days, such a period will apply to Orders made through the Wolt Service if explicitly mentioned in the descriptive details for the Partner on the Wolt Service. If you wish, you can use the below model revocation form for making the revocation notification by filling in the information in the form and sending the information to Wolt, which information shall also be forwarded by Wolt to the respective Partner: 
Model revocation form
-           To: [insert the name of the Partner, the Partner’s address and the Partner’s email address]:
-           Herewith I/we (*) revoke the agreement concluded with me/us (*) regarding the purchase of the following goods (*)/ the provision of the following services (*)
-          Ordered on (*)/received on (*)
-          Name of the consumer(s)
-          Address of the consumer(s)
-          Signature(s) of the consumer(s) (only in case of notification on paper)
-          Date
(*) Delete as applicable. 
4.5. If you revoke the Purchase Agreement, Wolt will refund to you all payments we have received from you, including the delivery fee (and service fee where applicable) no later than 14 days from the date on which we received notice of your revocation of the Purchase Agreement or a part thereof. Note that the delivery fee (and service fee where applicable) will not be returned in case of only a partial revocation of your Order.
4.6. For making the refund, we will use the same means of payment as you used for the original purchase of your Order, unless expressly agreed otherwise with you. Note that if you paid for the Order with Wolt credits, we shall refund you in Wolt credits. Wolt may refuse a refund until the Partner has received the products back or until you have provided proof that you have returned the products, whichever is earlier.
4.7. You must return or send the products to the same Partner in the same location from which you made the Order. The contact details of the Partner’s point of sale are available on the Wolt Service. You have to return the products to the Partner as soon as possible and in any case no later than 14 days after the day on which you notified us of the revocation of the Purchase Agreement. This period is deemed to have been observed if you dispatch the products before the expiry of the period of 14 days.
4.8. You shall bear the direct costs of returning the products. The returned products have to be in an unused condition and capable of being resold. You shall be liable for any loss in value of the products if such loss in value is due to handling of the products that is not necessary for testing their condition, properties and functionality.
4.9. Sometimes it may be possible that some of the Partner’s products that you wish to purchase through the Wolt Service are temporarily out of stock. For such cases and to the extent the Partner has enabled substitutions, you may choose, prior to confirming your Order, whether you want to allow the Partner to substitute a missing item with a similar item. If you have allowed substitutions for a certain or all items in your Order, the Partner will substitute such missing items in accordance with the following principles: (i) the substitute will be chosen based on what the Partner considers to be the most appropriate substitute so that it corresponds as much as possible to the quantity, quality and price of the original item in the Order; (ii) substances typically causing allergies shall be carefully taken into account so that for example a lactose-free item is only substituted with a lactose-free item and a gluten-free item is only substituted with a gluten-free item; (iii) diet or light drink is substituted with a diet or light drink; (iv) organic is substituted with organic; and (v) domestically produced is substituted with domestically produced. You will not be charged for any additional fees or costs for a substituted item compared to the price of the original item in your Order. Should the price of the substitute be lower than the price of the original item in your Order, you will be charged the price of the substitute item.
5. User Accounts
5.1. You have a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, and non-sublicensable right to use the Wolt Service in the form offered to you by us from time to time solely for the purposes set out herein. The license granted to the User for the iOS Wolt App downloaded from Apple’s App Store is further limited to a license to use the Wolt App on any Apple-branded products that the User owns or controls and as permitted by the Usage Rules set forth in the App Store Terms of Service and these Terms of Service.
5.2. In order to use the Wolt Service, the User must create a user account by following the registration instructions in the Wolt Service. The Wolt Service credentials are personal (unless otherwise agreed between Wolt and the Customer Organization). The User shall ensure that any user account credentials and equivalent information required to access the user account of the User or the Customer Organization are kept confidential and used in a secure manner not accessible by third parties. A User may have only one personal user account.
5.3. Where it is suspected that any unauthorized person has become aware of a User’s user account credentials or has access to the user account of the User, the User shall immediately inform Wolt thereof. The User shall be responsible for any use of the Wolt Service and any activity under the user account of the User.
5.4. In order to use the Wolt Service, you must submit valid credit card or other payment method information to Wolt. Wolt does not store information of your payment instrument, as this is done by a third party payment service provider used by Wolt. You agree to pay for all purchases arising from your use of the Wolt Service except for purchases made through the Wolt at Work Feature at the Customer Organization’s cost. You must keep the credit card and other payment information that you have submitted to your user account updated.
6. Payments
6.1. The User, or the Customer Organization in case of Wolt at Work Account, will pay the purchase price set out in the Order by using the relevant payment functionality of the Wolt Service. Wolt, or the Wolt group company authorized by Wolt, collects all payments from the Users or the Customer Organizations on behalf of the Partner. If the Order is made by using the Wolt at Work Feature, the User confirms the payment on behalf of the Customer Organization through the Wolt at Work Feature. The User’s or Customer Organization’s payment obligation shall arise upon placing an Order through the Wolt Service.
6.2. The User may fulfil this payment obligation only by using the relevant online payment method provided in the Wolt Service. When the User, or the Customer Organization in case of Wolt at Work Account, has paid the purchase price to Wolt, the User or the Customer Organization has fulfilled its payment obligation towards the Partner.
6.3. In Finland, you can fulfil your payment obligation by using a lunch benefit as payment method, if the Wolt Service is compatible with the lunch benefit provided by your employer. You are responsible for ensuring that the Order costs of food products and delivery services paid with the lunch benefit does not exceed the limit of the lunch benefit’s daily value. The amount exceeding this value can be paid with another acceptable payment method in the Wolt Service. You are obligated to comply with the tax administration’s guidelines regarding use of the lunch benefit. Please note for example that the lunch benefit is personal and does not cover purchase of gift cards, utility products, groceries, convenience food or processed food. You are therefore not entitled to buy such products with the lunch benefit through the Wolt Service.
6.4. The payment will be automatically charged from the User’s credit card, lunch benefit or charged through the Customer Organization’s Wolt at Work Feature, upon delivery of the Order. Wolt is entitled to make an authorisation hold on behalf of the Partner on the User’s credit card, lunch benefit or Customer Organization’s Wolt at Work Feature once the Order has been placed through the Wolt Service. Wolt uses a third party payment service provider for processing of payments. In Serbia all payments are processed locally within Serbia by a third party payment service provider.
6.5. Cash is an additional payment method available in Slovenia, Azerbaijan, Croatia, Cyprus, Georgia, Greece, Kazakhstan, Malta, Serbia, Japan, Czech Republic and Slovakia. Refunds in cash orders will be made in Wolt credits or via another appropriate or legally required method. If a User who has made a cash order is not in the agreed place of delivery at the agreed time or 5 minutes thereafter, Wolt's customer support will contact the User and agree on an appropriate arrangement for the payment. If the customer support cannot reach the User within 24 hours of the no-show, Wolt will take appropriate measures which may include disabling the cash option from the User or even disabling the User's account in the Wolt Service for further Orders. 
6.6. In Israel payments are processed either locally within Israel or arranged by Wolt Enterprises Oy through third party payment service providers. In case payments are arranged by Wolt Enterprises Oy through third party payment service providers, Wolt Enterprises Oy is responsible for possible refunds, complaints and other claims related to your transactions in the Wolt Service.
7. Wolt credits and tokens
7.1. The Users of the Wolt Service can obtain Wolt credits or tokens e.g. by inviting new users to sign up to the Wolt Service. The User can use Wolt credits and tokens to get a discount on their purchases in the Wolt Service.
7.2. For Users in Denmark section 7.1. is not applicable. For Users in Denmark, you can share your code on social media or as a message by pasting the link from your user profile and inserting it where you wish. Your friends will get Wolt credits when they use your code for their first order. 
7.3. Wolt may unilaterally determine the conditions applicable to the granting, use and validity of the Wolt credits and tokens.
7.4. Any signing-up bonus credits or tokens can be used only once.
7.5. Wolt credits and tokens cannot be exchanged to cash.
7.6. The Wolt credits and tokens will be nullified if Wolt detects any abuse of Wolt credits or tokens or suspects or detects that Wolt credits or tokens have been granted on incorrect grounds. In such cases, Wolt shall invoice the amount that was paid using such Wolt credits or tokens.
8. Delivery of an Order
8.1. If the User orders the delivery of the Order through the Wolt Service, the Order will be delivered to the location confirmed by the User in the Wolt Service. The User also has to provide a street address for the confirmed location in the Wolt Service. If no-contact delivery is applied to your Order, please note that the goods shall be deemed to be delivered when they are left at the door and the courier partner marks the Order status as "delivered" on the Wolt Service after which you bear the risk of the items in the Order. 
8.2. The User must be available to receive calls at the phone number the User has submitted to the Wolt Service. If the phone number provided by the User cannot be reached, the delivery may be cancelled by Wolt or the Partner and the User or Customer Organization may be charged for the full price of the Order (not applicable to Users located in Slovenia).
8.3. The User may place an Order to be delivered as soon as possible (standard delivery method) or by pre-ordering a certain delivery time, to the extent these options are available on the Wolt Service at the time of placing the Order.
8.4. Standard delivery option: The User must be present at the confirmed location set out in the Order between the time of making the Order until the products set out in the Order have been received. If the User is not available at the location they have confirmed within five minutes of the arrival of the delivery of the ordered products and the User does not respond after two contact attempts by the courier partner making the delivery, the delivery may be cancelled by Wolt or the Partner and the User or Customer Organization may be charged for the full price of the Order.
8.5. “Pre-order” delivery option: the User must be present at the confirmed location between ten minutes prior to the pre-ordered delivery time until the moment of delivery in the Order to receive the Order.
9. Picking up and collecting an Order at the Partner’s point of sale
9.1. If the User has not ordered delivery of the Partner’s products set out in the Order, but the collection at the Partner’s point of sale, the products can be collected at the point of sale of the Partner the User has chosen in connection with the Order. The User will receive a separate electronic confirmation when the products are ready for collection. The Partner or Wolt may set conditions for the identification of the User when picking up the products set out in the Order.
9.2. The Partner shall retain the ordered products for 60 minutes after the Partner has notified the User that the Order is ready for collection. However, this obligation is limited to the opening hours of the particular Partner’s point of sale and the Order has to be collected before the closing time of said point of sale of the Partner.
10. Eat-in Order
10.1. If the User has selected the option to consume the products set out in the Order at the point of sale of the Partner, the User will receive a separate electronic confirmation about the expected time of when the products will be ready to be consumed at the Partner’s point of sale.
11. Time estimates
11.1. Any delivery time or pick-up time or other time estimate communicated to the User by the Partner or Wolt in the Wolt Service are only estimated times. There is no guarantee that the Order will be delivered or available for pick-up or consumption at the estimated time. Delivery times of the products may also be affected by factors such as traffic jams, rush hours and weather conditions.
12. Intellectual Property Rights
12.1. All Intellectual Property Rights in or related to the Wolt Service and thereto related documentation and all parts and copies thereof shall remain exclusively vested with and be the sole and exclusive property of Wolt and/or its affiliates/subcontractors/licensors. “Intellectual Property Rights” shall mean copyrights and related rights (including database and catalogue rights and photography rights), patents, utility models, design rights, trademarks, tradenames, trade secrets, know-how and any other form of registered or unregistered intellectual property rights.
12.2. These Terms of Service do not grant the User any Intellectual Property Rights in the Wolt Service and all rights not expressly granted hereunder are reserved by Wolt and its subcontractors/licensors.
12.3. Apple shall not be responsible for any investigation, defense, settlement or discharge of any claim that the iOS Wolt App or your use of it infringes any third party intellectual property right.
12.4. User grants to Wolt a worldwide, royalty-free, sublicensable, and transferable right to use, modify, reproduce, distribute, display and publish any content provided by User in connection with the Wolt Service. Such content may include photographs, data, information, feedback, suggestions, text, and other materials that are uploaded, posted or otherwise transmitted relating to the Wolt Service.
13. Additional Provisions for use of the Wolt Service
13.1. The Wolt Service is only available to persons of the age of 18 years or older. You may not register as a User if you do not fulfill this requirement.
13.2. The User shall observe all applicable rules and regulations when using the Wolt Service, including the purchase of alcohol and tobacco products. To the extent delivery of alcoholic beverages or tobacco products is available in the country where the User is located, the User may be refused delivery of alcoholic beverages or tobacco products in case the User is unable to provide a valid photo ID to Wolt’s courier partner delivering the Order proving that the User is at least 18 years of age. The User may be refused delivery of alcoholic beverages also in other cases stipulated by laws in the country where the User is located (e.g. if the User is showing signs of intoxication).
13.3. Wolt is constantly developing the Wolt Service and Wolt may change or remove different parts of the Wolt Service, including features, the products and Partners available in the Wolt Service in part or in whole.
13.4. By using the Wolt Service, the User may encounter content or information that might be inaccurate, incomplete, delayed, misleading, illegal, offensive or otherwise harmful. Wolt generally does not review content provided by the Partners. Wolt is not responsible for third parties' (including the Partners') content or information or for any damages arising as a result of the use of or reliance on it.
13.5. You or the Customer Organization shall be responsible for obtaining and maintaining any devices or equipment (such as telephones) and connections needed for access to and use of the Wolt Service and all charges related thereto.
13.6. The User will not: (i) use or attempt to use another person’s personal Wolt account and/or access another person’s personal payment data through the Wolt Service or use another person’s personal payment cards when using the Wolt Service, without consent of that other person; (ii) copy, modify or create derivative works of the Wolt Service or any related technology; (iii) reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, decipher or otherwise attempt to derive the source code for the Wolt Service or any related technology, or any part thereof; (iv) remove any copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights notices contained in or on the Wolt Service; (v) remove, cover or obscure any advertisement included on the Wolt Service; (vi) collect, use, copy, or transfer any information obtained from the Wolt Service without the consent of Wolt; (vii) use bots or other automated methods to use the Wolt Service; (viii) create a Wolt account using a fake identity or an identity of another person; or (ix) access the Wolt Service except through the interfaces expressly provided by Wolt, such as the Wolt App and Wolt Website.
13.7. Wolt is entitled to remove a User from the Wolt Service with immediate effect and/or refuse or cancel any Orders from a User if: (i) the User abuses the Wolt Service or causes any harm or detriment to the use of the Wolt Service or the Partners or Wolt or Wolt’s employees, (ii) Wolt has reasonable belief of fraudulent acts by the User when using the Wolt Service, (iii) the User places a false Order (for example by not paying or by not being present on the delivery or collection location in order to receive the Order) or otherwise fails to comply with his obligations arising from these Terms of Service; (iv) there is reasonable doubt about the correctness or authenticity of the Order. If Wolt cancels an Order that has already been paid for, Wolt shall transfer that amount into the same user account or Wolt at Work Account as the one from which the payment was made by the User.
13.8. The controller of the personal data collected about Users is Wolt Enterprises Oy, unless otherwise indicated. Wolt Enterprises Oy shall process any personal data collected from the User in accordance with Wolt Privacy Statement.
13.9. The User must comply with applicable third party terms of agreement when using the Wolt App or the Wolt Service.
13.10. The User represents and warrants that (i) they are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a “terrorist supporting” country; and (ii) they are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
14. Term and termination
14.1. These Terms of Service are in force as a binding agreement between Wolt and the User until further notice as long as the User is using the Wolt Service. 
14.2. The User can discontinue the use of the Wolt Service at any time. Wolt can discontinue providing the Wolt Service permanently or temporarily at any time.
15. Defects and complaints
15.1. Please note that the Wolt Service may at any time be interrupted or permanently discontinued. The Wolt Service may also be temporarily suspended. Do not use the Wolt Service for backing up any data. While we do our best in providing you our platform and services (including new and/or temporary services such as no-contact deliveries, deliveries with novel technology or deliveries of new product categories) error-free, Wolt does not promise or guarantee you anything regarding the reliability, functionality, timeliness, quality or suitability of the Wolt Service, its features or any service offered by Wolt. Wolt does not promise or guarantee anything that is not expressly mentioned in these Terms of Service.
15.2. The Partner is solely liable for the contents, quality, safety and packaging of their products sold through the Wolt Service and has a statutory defect liability for their products as set out in the applicable laws. You are responsible for inspecting the products in your Order without undue delay after receiving the Order. If there are any defects or other quality shortcomings in the products of your Order, then you should contact either the customer service of Wolt, acting on behalf of the Partner, or the Partner directly and include a clear description of the defects or shortcomings. Regarding consumer goods, notices of defects should be made within a reasonable time from detecting the defect, however no later than within two months after being detected. Please note that in case of defects in foodstuffs or other products that by their nature spoil or age rapidly, it is crucial that you notify the defect as soon as possible to enable proper investigation and verification of the defect. Please note that Wolt or the Partner may ask you to send a picture of the product in question in order to document and verify the defects. In case of a defect or a non-confirmity in the products of your Order, you are entitled to reimbursement in accordance with applicaple laws.
15.3. The Partner is solely liable for any defects in the contents and preparation or packaging of the Order or other shortcomings in the performance of the Purchase Agreement. Wolt is not responsible for the information provided by the Partner on the Wolt Service and does not give any warranty on the availability, quality or suitability of the products.
15.4. When the User who is located in Israel and uses Cibus as the payment method, any potential refunds will be only made in Wolt credits and not as Cibus allowance.
15.5. Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the Wolt App. To the extent that any maintenance or support is required by applicable law, we, not Apple, shall be obligated to furnish any such maintenance or support. To the extent any warranty exists under law that cannot be disclaimed, we, not Apple, shall be solely responsible for such warranty. We, not Apple, are responsible for addressing any claims of the User or any third party relating to the iOS Wolt App or the User’s possession and/or use of the iOS Wolt App, including, but not limited to: (i) product liability claims; (ii) any claim that the iOS Wolt App fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (iii) claims arising under consumer protection, privacy, or similar legislation, including in connection with the iOS Wolt App’s use of the HealthKit and HomeKit frameworks.
16. Applicable Law and Dispute Resolution
16.1. These Terms of Service shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the country where the User is located. 
16.2. If you are a consumer, please note that you cannot be deprived of the rights granted to you by the mandatory consumer protection laws of your country of domicile. 
16.3. Disputes arising from these Terms of Service shall be resolved by the competent courts of the country where the User is located. A consumer may, however, always institute proceedings in the competent court of its domicile. If you are a User domiciled in the EU, you and Wolt may also use the ODR platform managed by the European Commission to settle disputes. This platform can be found on ec.europa.eu/odr. You may also refer a dispute to the consumer disputes board or other corresponding out-of-court institution in your domicile (such as, by way of example, the Finnish Consumer Disputes Board, kkv.fi/kuluttajaneuvonta, in Finland, the Czech Trade Inspection Authority, coi.cz, in the Czech Republic or the Polish Permanent Amicable Consumer Court at the competent Provincial Inspectorate of Trade Inspection, uokik.gov.pl, in Poland).
17. Amendments
17.1. These User Terms of Service are subject to amendments.
17.2. Wolt shall publish the amended User Terms of Service at the Wolt Website. Wolt shall inform the User of any changes that are material by nature on the Wolt Service or by email to the email address submitted to the Wolt Service by the User. If the User does not agree to any amended Wolt Terms of Service, they shall discontinue the use of the Wolt Service.
18. Assignment
18.1. Wolt shall be entitled to assign all or any of its rights or obligations hereunder in whole or part to an affiliate or successor or to a purchaser or acquirer of its business assets relating to Wolt Service without the User’s prior consent.
18.2. The User shall not be entitled to assign any of its rights or obligations hereunder in whole or part.
Updated 24.5.2021
Wolt privacy statement
Wolt Enterprises Oy and certain Wolt group companies (“Wolt”, “we”) process personal data of their users of Wolt’s food ordering services (“Wolt App”) and the visitors of the website wolt.com (“Website”). 
In this Privacy Statement, the word “Wolt Services” refers jointly to the Website and the Wolt App. In this Privacy Statement, the word “User” or “you” refers jointly to our and our group companies’ customers, representatives and other authorized users of our customer organizations, potential customers and the users of the Wolt Services. Our Privacy Statement explains, for example, the types of personal data we process, how we process the personal data and how you may exercise your rights as a data subject (e.g. right to object, right of access).
Some of our services might be subject to a separate privacy policy. If a separate privacy policy applies to a particular service, we will post it in connection with the service in question.
This Privacy Statement may be updated from time to time in order to reflect the changes in data processing practices or otherwise. You can find the current version on the Website. We will not make substantial changes to this Privacy Statement or reduce the rights of the Users under this Privacy Statement without providing a notice thereof.
1. DATA CONTROLLER(S)
This Privacy Statement applies to processing of personal data carried out by Wolt.
In relation to the processing of personal data of Users in the below countries, Wolt Enterprises Oy and the local Wolt group company are acting as joint data controllers. This means that Wolt Enterprises Oy and the local Wolt group company together determine the purposes for and means by which personal data is processed. The country-specific joint controllers are listed below:
Wolt Česko s.r.o., Na poříčí 1047/26, Nové Město, 110 00 Prague 1, Czech Republic, if the User is located in the Czech Republic,
Wolt Polska sp. z o.o., ul. Koszykowa 54, piętro 00-675 Warsaw, Poland, if the User is located in Poland,
Wolt Enterprises Israel Ltd., Allenby St. 113, 6581706 Tel Aviv, Israel, if the User is located in Israel,
Wolt Technologies Greece Provision of Food Services S.A., Leoforos Vouliagmenis 26, 11743 Athens, Greece, if the User is located in Greece,
Wolt d.o.o. Beograd-Stari Grad, Bulevar vojvode Bojovića 8, 11000 Belgrade, Serbia, if the User is located in Serbia,
Wolt Azerbaijan LLC, Yasamal district, Hyatt Tower 2, 4th floor, 8 Izmir Street, AZ1065 Baku, Azerbaijan, if the User is located in Azerbaijan,
Wolt Technologies Kazakhstan LLP, Park View, Kunaev St 77, 050000, Almaty, Kazakhstan, if the User is located in Kazakhstan,
Wolt Slovensko s. r. o., Palisády 36, 811 06 Bratislava – Staré Mesto, Slovak Republic, registered in the Commercial register of the District Court Bratislava I, Section: Sro, Insert No.: 137637/B, if the User is located in Slovakia,
Wolt Malta Limited, 171, Old Bakery Street, Valletta, VLT 1455, Malta, if the User is located in Malta,
Wolt Norway AS, Øvre Slottsgate 4, 0157 Oslo, Norway, if the User is located in Norway,
Wolt Latvija SIA, Elizabete iela 45/47, Riga, Latvia, if the User is located in Latvia,
UAB Wolt LT, Jasinskio g. 14a-57, LT-01135, Vilnius, Lithuania, if the User is located in Lithuania,
Wolt Japan K.K., Portal Point Shibuya 7F, 11-3, Jinnan 1-chome, Shibuya-ku, Tokyo, if the User is located in Japan,
Wolt Georgia LLC, 49d Chavchavadze Ave 179, Tbilisi, Georgia, if the User is located in Georgia,
Wolt Eesti OÜ, Aia 10 a, 10111, Tallinn, Estonia, if User is located in Estonia,
Wolt Zagreb d.o.o., Metalčeva ul. 5, 1st floor, 10000 Zagreb, Croatia, if the User is located in Croatia,
Wolt Danmark ApS, Borgergade 10, 2 sal., 1300 Copenhagen K, Denmark, if User is located in Denmark.
Wolt Sverige AB, Celsiusgatan 10, 11230, Stockholm, Sweden, if the user is located in Sweden.
Wolt Cyprus Limited, Stasikratous 35 3rd floor, office 302, 1065, Nicosia, Cyprus if the User is located in Cyprus.
Wolt Magyarország Kft, Salétrom utca 4. földszint, 1085, Budapest, Hungary, if the User is located in Hungary.
Wolt, tehnologije d.o.o. Ljubljana, Parmova ulica 53, 1000, Ljubljana, Slovenia, if the User is located in Slovenia.

Wolt Enterprises Oy has been appointed responsible for handling all data subject requests and questions relating to the personal data processing of the Wolt group on behalf of the local joint controllers.
2. WOLT’S CONTACT DETAILS
Name: Wolt Enterprises Oy
Business ID: 2646674-9 
Correspondence address: Arkadiankatu 6, 00100 Helsinki, Finland 
E-mail address: support@wolt.com 
wolt.com
Wolt has appointed a data protection officer who you can reach through the above contact details. 
3. PERSONAL DATA PROCESSED AND SOURCES OF DATA
The personal data collected and processed by us can be divided into two general data categories: User Data and Analytics Data.
User Data
User Data is personal data collected directly from you or from our customer organization on behalf of which you are using the Wolt Services (“Customer Organization”), as the case may be. We may collect User Data from our Users and Customer Organizations in a variety of ways, including, after conclusion of a service agreement with the Customer Organization or when Users register to the Wolt Services, subscribe to a newsletter or fill out a form. Further, please note that we also collect details of any transactions and payments you carry out through the Wolt Services.
User Data that is necessary in order to use the Wolt Services
The following personal data collected and processed by us is necessary in order for a proper performance of the contract between you and us as well as for our legitimate interest whilst fulfilling our contractual obligations towards our Customer Organizations and for the compliance with our legal obligations.
After conclusion of the service agreement between us and the Customer Organization, the Customer Organization provides us with your full name and email address.  
When you register to the Wolt Services and create a user account, you need to provide us with the following information:
full name
telephone number
email address 
information relating to your payment instrument(s) such as the number of your payment instrument(s) and the expiration date of your payment instrument(s) (required for the purposes of ordering food products via the Wolt Services, however not stored by Wolt, since Wolt uses a third party payment service provider for processing of payments)
User Data you give us voluntarily
Your user or customer experience may be enhanced by providing us with the following information: 
Additional Account Information:
a picture
delivery address
location data (if you consent to the processing of your location data)
other information you provide either when creating a user account or later when modifying your account profile
Other Information. We may also process other information provided by you voluntarily such as:
information you provide when rating our services
marketing opt-ins and opt-outs
information you provide by phone or in email or chat correspondence with us, including call recordings of your calls with our customer service 
In addition to User Data collected from you and the Customer Organization, we process certain personal data third party service providers provide about you. 
If you connect or login to your account with Facebook, Facebook shares with us personal information about you such as your profile picture, a sample of your Facebook friends and your Facebook ID. 
Analytics Data
Although we do not normally use Analytics Data to identify you as an individual, you can sometimes be recognized from it, either alone or when combined or linked with User Data. In such situations, Analytics Data can also be considered personal data under applicable laws and we will treat such data as personal data.
We may automatically collect the following Analytics Data when you visit or interact with the Wolt Services:

Device Information. We collect the following information relating to the technical device you use when using the Wolt Services:
device and device identification number, device IMEI
country
IP address
browser type and version
operating system
Internet service providers
advertising identifier of your device
visitor identifier
Usage Information. We collect information on your use of the Wolt Services, such as:
time spent on the Wolt Services 
interaction with the Wolt Services
information on your orders made through the Wolt Services
the URL of the website you visited before and after visiting the Wolt Services
the time and date of your visits to the Wolt Services
the sections of the Wolt Services you visited
the products you searched for while using the Wolt Services
Cookies
We use various technologies to collect and store Analytics Data and other information when the Users visit the Wolt Services, including cookies and web beacons.
Cookies are small text files sent and saved on your device that allows us to identify visitors of the Wolt Services and facilitate the use of the Wolt Services and to create aggregate information of our visitors. This helps us to improve the Wolt Services and better serve our Users. The cookies will not harm your device or files. We use cookies to tailor the Wolt Services and the information we provide in accordance with the individual interests of our Users. 
You can manage the cookie preferences you have submitted earlier by clicking here.
The Users may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert when cookies are being sent. For example, the following links provide information on how to adjust the cookie settings on some popular browsers: 
Safari
Google Chrome
Internet Explorer
Mozilla Firefox
Please note that some parts of the Wolt Services may not function properly if use of cookies is refused.
A web beacon is a technology that allows identifying readers of websites and emails e.g. for identifying whether an email has been read. 
Web analytics services
The Wolt Services use Google Analytics and other web analytics services to compile Analytics Data and reports on visitor usage and to help us improve the Wolt Services. For an overview of Google Analytics, please visit Google Analytics. It is possible to opt-out of Google Analytics with the following browser add-on tool: Google Analytics opt-out add-on.
Advertising and visitor identifiers
The Wolt Services use pseudonymized identifiers to track and predict your app and service usage and preferences.
You can opt-out of the use of these identifiers by changing your operating system settings as follows:
Advertising identifiers can be disabled on iOS mobile devices by turning on the Limit Ad Tracking tab (Settings → Privacy → Advertising → Limit Ad Tracking). For an overview and more information on the advertising identifier, please see Apple Advertising and Privacy site.
Wolt visitor identifiers can be disabled on iOS and Android mobile devices by changing your settings (for iOS: Settings → Wolt → Wolt settings → Limit Tracking, and for Android: Wolt application → Profile tab → Settings icon in the top-right corner).
4. PURPOSES AND LEGITIMATE GROUNDS FOR THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Purposes
There are several purposes of the processing of your personal data by Wolt:
To provide the Wolt Services and carry out our contractual obligations (legal ground: performance of a contract and legitimate interest)
Wolt processes your personal data to be able to offer the Wolt Services to you under the contract between you and Wolt or between Customer Organization and Wolt. 
We use the data for example to handle your payments or any refunds (where applicable) and to provide our partners (the restaurants and our courier partners) with the information necessary for the preparation or delivery of your order. If you contact our customer service, we will use the information provided by you to answer your questions or solve your complaint. 
For our legal obligations (legal ground: compliance with a legal obligation)
Wolt processes data to enable us to administer and fulfil our obligations under law. This includes data processed for complying with our bookkeeping obligations and providing information to relevant authorities such as tax authorities.
For claims handling and legal processes (legal ground: legitimate interest)
Wolt may process personal data in relation to claims handling, debt collection and legal processes. We may also process data for the prevention of fraud, misuse of our services and for data, system and network security.
For customer communication and marketing (legal ground: legitimate interest)
Wolt processes your personal data to contact you regarding the Wolt Services and to inform you of changes relating to them. Your personal data are also used for the purposes of marketing the Wolt Services to you. 
For quality improvement and trend analysis (legal ground: legitimate interest)
We may also process information about your use of the Wolt Services to improve the quality of the Wolt Services e.g. by analyzing any trends in the use of the Wolt Services. In order to ensure that our services are in line with your needs, personal data can be used for things like customer satisfaction surveys. When possible, we will do this using only aggregated, non-personally identifiable data.
Legal grounds for processing
Wolt processes your personal data to perform our contractual obligations towards you or the Customer Organization and to comply with legal obligations. Furthermore, we process your personal data to pursue our legitimate interest to run, maintain and develop our business and to create and maintain customer relationships. When choosing to use your data on the basis of our legitimate interests, we weigh our own interests against your right to privacy and e.g. provide you with easy to use opt-out from our marketing communications and use pseudonymized or non-personally identifiable data when possible.
In some parts of the Wolt Services, you may be requested to grant your consent for the processing of personal data. In this event, you may withdraw your consent at any time.
If you place an order with a Partner who is selling you medicine or other products and services relating to your health, Wolt may process a limited amount of personal data concerning your health  in connection to such order. Wolt processes the personal data to the extent necessary to perform the contract between you and Wolt for purposes of managing and delivering your Order. Wolt adheres to any additional safeguards that apply to processing such personal data under applicable laws and regulations. If required under applicable laws, Wolt will ask for separate consent for processing such personal data and you may withdraw such consent anytime through your profile settings or contacting Wolt support services at support@wolt.com.
For Users located in Israel:By entering, connecting to, accessing or using the Wolt Services, you agree and consent to the terms and conditions set forth in this Privacy Statement, including to the collection, processing, transfer and use of your personal data which is collected as part of the Wolt Services. If you disagree to any term provided herein, you may not access or use the Wolt Services. You also acknowledge and confirm that you are not required to provide us with your personal data and that such information is voluntarily provided to us. 
5. TRANSFER TO COUNTRIES OUTSIDE EUROPE
Wolt stores your personal data primarily within the European Economic Area. However, we have service providers and operations in several geographical locations. As such, we and our service providers may transfer your personal data to, or access it in, jurisdictions outside the European Economic Area or the User’s domicile. 
We will take steps to ensure that the Users’ personal data receives an adequate level of protection in the jurisdictions in which they are processed. We provide adequate protection for the transfers of personal data to countries outside of the European Economic Area through a series of agreements with our service providers based on the Standard Contractual Clauses or through other appropriate safeguards.
More information regarding the transfers of personal data may be obtained by contacting us on any of the addresses indicated above. 
6. RECIPIENTS
We only share your personal data within the organization of Wolt if and as far as reasonably necessary for the purposes of this Privacy Statement.
For users in Japan: We only share and jointly utilize your personal data mentioned in Article 3 for the purpose of use mentioned in Article 4 within the organization of Wolt if and as far as reasonably necessary for the purposes of this Privacy Statement. Wolt Enterprises Oy is the entity responsible for the management of jointly used Personal Information. 
We do not share your personal data with third parties outside of Wolt’s organization unless one of the following circumstances applies:
For the purposes set out in this Privacy Statement and to authorized service providers
To the extent that third parties (such as the restaurants which prepare your order, our courier partners who deliver your order and Customer Organization which may pay your order) need access to personal data in order for us to perform the Wolt Services, we provide such third parties with your data. As an example, we may share your phone number with the partner preparing your order if it's necessary e.g. for asking you whether you accept a replacement product in the order or inform you that an item is missing from your order or for any special request clarifications.
Furthermore, we may provide your personal data to our affiliates or to authorized service providers who perform services for us (including data storage, accounting, sales and marketing) to process it for us and to payment service providers to process your payments to us. 
When data is processed by third parties on behalf of Wolt, Wolt has taken the appropriate contractual and organizational measures to ensure that your data are processed exclusively for the purposes specified in this Privacy Statement and in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations and subject to our instructions and appropriate obligations of confidentiality and security measures.
Please bear in mind that if you provide personal data directly to a third party, such as through a link in the Wolt Services, the processing is typically based on their policies and standards.
For legal reasons and legal processes
We may share your personal data with third parties outside Wolt if we have a good-faith belief that access to and use of the personal data is reasonably necessary to: (i) meet any applicable law, regulation, and/or court order; (ii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, crime, security or technical issues; and/or (iii) protect the interests, properties or safety of Wolt, the Users or the public as far as in accordance with the law. When possible, we will inform you about such processing.
For other legitimate reasons
If Wolt is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, we may transfer your personal data to the third party involved. However, we will continue to ensure the confidentiality of all personal data. We will give notice to all the Users concerned when the personal data are transferred or become subject to a different privacy statement. 
With your explicit consent
We may share your personal data with third parties outside Wolt when we have your explicit consent to do so. You have the right to withdraw this consent at all times free of charge by contacting us.
7. STORAGE PERIOD
Wolt does not store your personal data longer than is legally permitted and necessary for the purposes of providing the Wolt Services or the relevant parts thereof. The storage period depends on the nature of the information and on the purposes of processing. The maximum period may therefore vary per use.
Most personal data relating to a User’s user account with the Wolt Services will be deleted after a period of 90 days have lapsed after the User has deleted its user account with the Wolt Services. Thereafter, a part of the personal data relating to a User’s user account with the Wolt Services may be stored only as long as such processing is required by law or is reasonably necessary for our legal obligations or legitimate interests such as claims handling, bookkeeping, internal reporting and reconciliation purposes. All personal data relating to a User’s user account with the Wolt Services will be deleted within a period of 10 years after the User has deleted its user account with the Wolt Services, with the exception of personal data required in certain rare situations such as legal proceedings.
We will store Analytics Data of Users that do not have an account with the Wolt Services for a period of 90 days.
8. YOUR RIGHTS
Right of access
You have the right to access and be informed about your personal data processed by us. We give you the possibility to view certain data through your user account with the Wolt Services or request a copy of your personal data.
Right to withdraw consent
In case the processing is based on a consent granted by the User, the User may withdraw the consent at any time free of charge. Withdrawing a consent may lead to fewer possibilities to use the Wolt Services. The withdrawal of consent does not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
Right to rectify
You have the right to have incorrect or incomplete personal data we have stored about you corrected or completed by contacting us. You can correct or update some of your personal data through your user account in the Wolt Services. 
Right to erasure
You may also ask us to delete your personal data from our systems. We will comply with such request unless we have a legitimate ground to not delete the data. 
Right to object
You may have the right to object to certain use of your personal data if such data are processed for other purposes than necessary for the performance of the Wolt Services or for compliance with a legal obligation. If you object to the further processing of your personal data, this may lead to fewer possibilities to use the Wolt Services.
Right to restriction of processing
You may request us to restrict processing of personal data for example when your data erasure, rectification or objection requests are pending and/or when we do not have legitimate grounds to process your data. This may however lead to fewer possibilities to use the Wolt Services.
Right to data portability
You have the right to receive the personal data you have provided to us yourself in a structured and commonly used format and to independently transmit those data to a third party.
How to use your rights
The abovementioned rights may be used by sending a letter or an e-mail to us on the addresses set out above, including the following information: the full name, address, e-mail address and a phone number. We may request the provision of additional information necessary to confirm the identity of the User. We may reject or charge requests that are unreasonably repetitive, excessive or manifestly unfounded. 
9. DIRECT MARKETING
The User has the right to prohibit us from using the User’s personal data for direct marketing purposes, market research and profiling made for direct marketing purposes by contacting us on the addresses indicated above or by using the functionalities of the Wolt Services or the unsubscribe possibility offered in connection with any direct marketing messages.
10. LODGING A COMPLAINT
In case the User considers our processing of personal data to be inconsistent with the applicable data protection laws, the User may lodge a complaint with the local supervisory authority for data protection in Finland, the Data Protection Ombudsman (tietosuoja.fi). Alternatively, the User may lodge a complaint with the local supervisory authority for data protection of the User’s country of domicile. 
11. INFORMATION SECURITY
We use administrative, organizational, technical, and physical safeguards to protect the personal data we collect and process. Measures include for example, where appropriate, encryption, pseudonymization, firewalls, secure facilities and access right systems. Our security controls are designed to maintain an appropriate level of data confidentiality, integrity, availability, resilience and ability to restore the data. We regularly test the Wolt Services, systems, and other assets for security vulnerabilities. Furthermore, access to personal data by employees of Wolt is restricted and access is subject to what is necessary for purposes of the employee’s work assignments. 
Should despite of the security measures, a security breach occur that is likely to have negative effects to the privacy of the Users, we will inform the relevant Users and other affected parties, as well as relevant authorities when required by applicable data protection laws, about the breach as soon as possible.
Wolt Enterprises Oy has been appointed responsible for handling all data subject requests and questions relating to the personal data processing of the Wolt group on behalf of the local joint controllers.

In relation to the processing of personal data of Users in other countries than the ones listed above, Wolt Enterprises Oy acts as the sole data controller.
Guidelines for Wolt Partners 